.TH BOOTCHART 1 2006-03-05
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
bootchart \- render a chart from the statistical data recorded with \fBbootchartd\fP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bootchart [-f|--format \fIFORMAT\fP] [-n|--no-prune] [-o|--output-dir
.B \fIDIR\fP] \fIfiles\fP ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
bootchart is used to process the log file created by \fBbootchartd(1)\fP
(\fI/var/log/bootchart.tgz\fP by default).  bootchart builds the process
tree and renders a performance chart in different formats.  The chart may
then be analyzed to examine process dependency and overall resource
utilization.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-f,\-\-format \fIFORMAT\fP
Sets the format of the image. Possible values are: png, eps, svg (default)
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display brief usage message.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no\-prune
Do not prune the process tree.  To make the resulting process tree more
comprehensible, bootchart will prune the tree using various techniques
(removing short-lived processes, merging processes, etc.).  This option
disables such behavior.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output\-dir \fIDIR\fP
Sets the output directory for the resulting image. (default: .)
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show program version.
.SH FILES
.TP
/var/log/bootchart.tgz
the default log file to parse (unless otherwise specified).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bootchartd (1)
.SH AUTHOR
bootchart was written by Ziga Mahkovec <ziga.mahkovec@klika.si>.
.PP
This manual page was written by J\[:o]rg Sommer <joerg@alea.gnuu.de>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
