.TH BOOTCHARTD.CONF 5 2006-04-09
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
bootchartd.conf \- configuration file for \fBbootchartd\fP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \fB/etc/bootchartd.conf\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbootchartd.conf\fP contains configuration options for the
\fBbootchartd\fP logger.  The available options:
.TP
.I TMPFS_SIZE
If the root file system is not writable at startup, \fBbootchartd\fP
mounts a hidden temporary file system in /mnt to store its log files.
This options controls the size of this file system. default: 32m

.TP
.I SAMPLE_PERIOD
Sampling period, in seconds.
default: 0.2

.TP
.I PROCESS_ACCOUNTING
Whether to utilize BSD process accounting for a more accurate process
tree.  Note that the kernel needs to be configured to include
CONFIG_BSD_PROCESS_ACCT_V3.  \fBaccton(8)\fP from the GNU accounting
utilities is also required.
default: no

.TP
.I BOOTLOG_DEST
Log file tarball destination.
default: /var/log/bootchart.tgz

.TP
.I AUTO_RENDER
Whether to automatically generate the boot chart once the boot logger
completes.  The boot chart will be generated in AUTO_RENDER_DIR.
default: no

.TP
.I AUTO_RENDER_FORMAT
Image format to use for the auto-generated boot chart (choose between
png, svg and eps).
default: png

.TP
.I AUTO_RENDER_DIR
Output directory for auto-generated boot charts.
default: /var/log

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bootchartd(1),
.SH AUTHOR
bootchart was written by Ziga Mahkovec <ziga.mahkovec@klika.si>.
.PP
This manual page was written by J\[:o]rg Sommer <joerg@alea.gnuu.de>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
