.TH BOOTCHARTD 1 2008-08-19
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.SH NAME
bootchartd \- collects process information, CPU statistics and disk usage
statistics
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bootchartd [start [cmd]|init|stop]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbootchartd\fP collects process information, CPU statistics and disk
usage statistics from the \fI/proc/\fP file system.  The accumulated
log file may later be visualized using \fBbootchart(1)\fP.
.PP
\fBbootchartd\fP is commonly used to profile the boot process for the
purpose of speeding it up.  In this case, it is started by the kernel
as the init process.  This is configured by adding the
option \fBrdinit=/sbin/bootchartd\fP or
\fBinit=/sbin/bootchartd\fP to the kernel command line\[em]either
interactively or by editing the bootloader's configuration file. The
option \fBrdinit=\fP is needed, if you boot from an initrd and want to
monitor the boot scripts from the initrd. Otherwise the option
\fBinit=\fP is the correct one. Please
refer to the documentation of your bootloader for details (e.g. lilo,
grub or yaboot).
.PP
After \fBbootchartd\fP is initialized during the boot process, it will
start the default init process (\fI/sbin/init\fP or \fI/init\fP on an
initrd) to proceed with the
regular bootup.  If, however, an alternative init process is used
(e.g. \fI/sbin/initng\fP), that process may be specified using the
kernel command line parameter \fBbootchart_init=\fIINIT\fR or start
\fBbootchartd\fP from an init script with the option \fBinit\fP. In both
cases, \fBbootchartd\fP tries to guess when the system is up by looking
for processes like getty, kdm and gdb. When it thinks the system is up it
writes the log file to \fI/var/log/bootchart.tgz\fP and quits.
.PP
If you start \fBbootchartd\fP on an initrd it might become necessary to
restart the \fBbootchartd\fP process on the real root filesystem to
unmount the initrd and continue the monitoring. This can be done by
sending the signal USR2 to the bootchartd process, after you've mounted
the root filesystem. \fBBootchartd\fP assumes to find the root filesystem
in \fI/root\fP and the \fBbootchartd\fP executable in
\fI/root/sbin\fP.
.PP
Another possibility for using \fBbootchartd\fP is monitoring the
resource usage of a specific application or the running system in
general.  In this case, bootchartd is started interactively by
running \fBbootchartd start\fP and stopped using
\fBbootchartd stop\fP. Or you pass a command with all options to
\fBbootchartd start\fP. Then \fBbootchartd\fP stops when the command
returns.
.SH FILES
.TP
/var/log/bootchartd.tgz
default output file
.TP
/etc/bootchartd.conf
default configuration file
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bootchart(1),
.BR bootchartd.conf(5)
.SH AUTHOR
bootchart was written by Ziga Mahkovec <ziga.mahkovec@klika.si>.
.PP
This manual page was written by J\[:o]rg Sommer <joerg@alea.gnuu.de>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
